----CSCI 1101 Group Project----

------Blackjack-----

Rules of Blackjack

Consists of 52 card deck. There are 4 suites (Spades, Diamonds, Spades, Hearts) and 13 ranks (two, three, ..., ace).

There are two players, the gambler and the dealer. Each player is given two cards initially. Players evaluate their 
card values and decide whether or not to hit or stand. If a player stands, they stand for the rest of the game and 
receive no more cards. If a player hits, they receive another card and add the value of said card to their total value.
If at any point either of the player busts (their hand value exceeds 21 points) they lose. Priority is given
to the deal (I think). 

--Points--
points are assigned by order of rank
  Rank		Points
  2			2
  3			3
  4			4
  5			5
  6			6
  7			7
  8			8
  9			9
  10		10
  Jack		10
  Queen		10
  King		10
  Ace		1 OR 11
  
    Notice that Ace's are worth 1 or 11. If the player's total hand size is > 10 WITHOUT the Ace having been added to the total
  then the Ace's value is 1. By default, however, the Ace's value is 11. This way, if a player is holding a Two and a Nine,
  then if they draw an Ace, the hand value will be 12, not 22. However, if they have a Nine and an Ace, their hand value
  is 20.
  
--Order of Player--

    The game starts and the Dealer and Gambler are each dealt two cards. Each must show the first of those cards to the other.
  The Players much then each decide if they will stand or hit. If they stand, they remain standing for the rest of the game. If
  they hit, the are dealt another card, and that card will be added to their Hand's value. The Players who hit will then
  have the option to stand or to hit again. This cycle will repeat until one of three conditions are met:
  	1) A player hits and busts (their hand value is > 21)
  	2) A player has a Blackjack (hand value = 21)
  	3) Both players stand   
  Once these conditions have been met, the game will end, and the player with the hand value closet to, and not exceeding, 21 wins.
  Ties are in favor of the Dealer (I believe).
  
Classes needed to implement:

Player

Deck
	-cards		:	ArrayList<Card>
	-suites		:	String[]
	-ranks		:	String[]
	+Deck()		:	void
	+deal()		:	Card
	+shuffle()	:	void	
	+toString()	:	String
Card

Hand

Game/Demo






